The repository contains code to reproduce results for the paper titled "
LAMP: Lightweight Approaches for Latency Minimization in Mixnets with
Practical Deployment Considerations". 

## Initial setup and dependencies
The code can be executed on any standard laptop or desktop device
running Ubuntu 18.04 or higher. It has been tested to work for Python
3.8.10. The dependencies required for executing the code are as follows:
* fpdf==1.7.2
* kaleido==0.2.1
* matplotlib==3.5.2
* numpy==1.21.2
* pandas==1.3.2
* plotly==5.10.0
* pulp==2.7.0
* scikit_learn==1.1.1
* scikit-learn-extra==0.2.0
* scipy==1.8.1
* simpy==4.0.1
* tabulate==0.9.0

These dependencies can be easily installed using the following command:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Code execution
The file Main.py contains the code for producing all the results
mentioned in LAMP evaluations.
- Just executing `python3 Main.py` will automatically perform all the
experiments and generate results in Results folder.

Specifically, the following results can be generated:
- Fig. 5a, Fig.  5d, Fig. 5g
  - `C.SC_Baselines('SC_BaseLine',5)`
  - Inputs: <'name of experiment', 'no. of iterations'>

- Fig. 5b, Fig.  5e, Fig. 5h
  - `C.MC_Baselines('MC_BaseLine',2)`
  - Inputs: <'name of experiment', 'no. of iterations'>

- Fig. 5c, Fig.  5f, Fig. 5i
  - `C.RM_Baselines('RM_BaseLine',5)`
  - Inputs: <'name of experiment', 'no. of iterations'>

- Fig. 6a, Fig. 6b, Fig. 7c , Fig. 8c
  - `C.RM_Simulations_FCP('RM_Simulations_and_FCP',10)`
  - Inputs: <'name of experiment', 'no. of iterations'>

- Fig. 7a , Fig. 8a
  - `C.SC_Simulations_FCP('SC_Simulation_and_FCP',50)`
  - Inputs: <'name of experiment', 'no. of iterations'>

- Fig. 7b , Fig. 8b
  - `C.MC_Simulation_FCP('MC_Simulation_and_FCP',50)`
  - Inputs: <'name of experiment', 'no. of iterations'>



## Additional Notes
- After running each experiment, the corresponding figures will be
automatically saved in the "Results" folder.
- For each experiment, you need to input the experiment name and the
number of iterations. In Main.py, we have provided initial values to
ensure results similar to the paper, but they can be modified as needed.
- The first function in Main.py, C.data_initialization(50), creates a
dataset containing 10 network configurations. Note that the number of
iterations in the following functions must not exceed the number of
configurations generated by this function. By default, this is set to
50, but it can be modified if necessary.
- Increasing the number of iterations improves accuracy and reduces
sampling errors for better results. However, it increases execution
time. Thus, we have kept the iterations to less than five, but they can
be increased to a value of 400 (as in the main paper) at the expense of
more than 24 hours to complete the experiment and obtain the results.
- It is recommended to give each experiment a different name to avoid
any conflicts when running the codes in parallel. Upon running each
experiment, a file will be generated with its corresponding name to
store necessary data used for plotting.
- Network size as well as other parameters can be modified through
LAMP.py file if needed. We have the default values to preserve the
parameters used in the original paper.

## Hardware Requirements
The code is tested to run on commodity hardware with 16 GB RAM, 8 cores,
and 50 GB hard disk storage.

## Brief description of individual class files
Here is a brief description of the key scripts and their functions:

- `Single_Circle.py`: Contains the main functions needed to execute the
code for the single circle approach.
- `Multi_Circles.py`: Contains the main functions necessary to execute the
multiple circles approach.
- `Regional.py`: Contains the necessary functions to execute the regional
mixnet approach.
- `Corruption.py` and `FCP_.py`: Contain the main functions to simulate
adversarial behavior and measure the fraction of corrupted paths (FCP).
- `data0.py`: Creates the data that includes the configuration of the mix
networks.
- `GateWay.py`: Simulates the behavior of clients in the experiments.
- `LAMP.py`: Contains the necessary functions to run experiments in LAMP.
- `Main.py`: The main file used for running the experiments.
- `Message_.py`: Represents the objects of messages in the simulation.
- `Message_Generation_and_Mix_Net_Processing_.py`: Responsible for
generating messages in the simulations.
- `Mix_Node_.py`: Represents the objects of mix nodes in the simulations.
- `NYM.py`: Simulates the NYM network.
- `NYM_Partition.py`: Partitions the NYM dataset necessary for the
regional mixnet scenarios.
- `Plot.py`: Contains the necessary functions to plot figures for the
results.
- `Interpolated_NYM_250_DEC_2023.json`: The NYM dataset used in the
experiments.
